Docs Update: Add Reown as one of the Dev Tools available on Rootstock (#186)
rsksmart/devportal: docs/05-dev-tools/user-onboarding/index.md

# User Onboarding

Web3 onboarding often faces challenges due to complex wallet setups, unfamiliarity with blockchain concepts, and intimidating security practices. To drive mainstream adoption, it’s crucial to offer intuitive solutions that reduce friction while maintaining security. Providing well thought out end-to-end wallet interaction flows is a key approach to make Web3 more accessible for everyday users.

## User Onboarding Solutions on Rootstock 

<CardsGrid>
  <CardsGridItem
    title="Reown"
    subtitle="User Onboarding"
    color="green"

>     description="Reown (prev. known as WalletConnect) gives developers the tools to build user experiences that make digital ownership effortless, intuitive, and secure."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description="Reown (prev. known as WalletConnect) provides developers with the tools to build user experiences that make digital ownership effortless, intuitive, and secure."
```
